Describe the null hypotheses to which the p-values given in Table 3.4
correspond. Explain what conclusions you can draw based on these
p-values. Your explanation should be phrased in terms of sales, TV,
radio, and newspaper, rather than in terms of the coefcients of the
linear model.

Table 3.4 includes p-values for 

Q: Describe the null hypotheses to which the p-values given in Table 3.4 correspond. Explain what conclusions you can draw based on these p-values. Your explanation should be phrased in terms of sales, TV, radio, and newspaper, rather than in terms of the coefficients of the linear model.

The null hypothesis corresponding to the p-value associated with the TV row states:
There is no correlation between an increase in TV advertisement expenditure and increased quantity of sold units (sales).  We can infer from the p-value that there it is highly unlikely the relationship between the explanatory variable TV expenditure and dependent variable sales is due to chance.

The null hypothesis corresponding to the p-value associated with the y-intercept states:
The Sales mean is zero when the explanatory variables TV, Radio, and Newspaper are zero. Since the p-value is so small we deduce that this null hypothesis may be rejected, thus the Sales mean is not zero when the explanatory variables are zero.

The null hypothesis corresponding to the p-value associated with the Radio row states:
There is no correlation between an increase in radio advertisement expenditure and increased quantity of sold units (sales).  We can infer from the p-value that there it is highly unlikely the relationship between the explanatory variable Radio expenditure and dependent variable sales is due to chance.

The null hypothesis corresponding to the p-value associated with the Newspaper row states: There is no correlation between an increase in newspaper advertisement expenditure and increased quantity of sold units (sales). We can infer from the p-value that the increase in sales due to increased newspaper advertising is likely due to chance.

Q. Carefully explain the differences between the KNN classifier and KNN regression methods.

KNN Classification assigns a class to a variable judged on the most common class found among the k nearest values. L2 norm distance function is used to equate distance and then the class with the highest frequency among k neighbours is assigned. In the case k = 1 the class of the nearest neighbour is assigned.
KNN Regression assigns a value to a given variable by taking the average of the k nearest points. In the case k = 1 then the value of k is assigned.